Dynamic workers edits (#959)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/workers/dynamic-worker-pools.md

position: 50
---

> Dynamic Worker Pools are a special type of [worker pool](/docs/infrastructure/workers/worker-pools.md) used by Octopus Cloud.  They use [workers](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md) provided by Octopus, and don't require users to configure any infrastructure.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic Worker Pools are a special type of [worker pool](/docs/infrastructure/workers/worker-pools.md) used by Octopus Cloud.  They use [workers](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md) provided by Octopus, and they don't require users to configure any infrastructure.  
```

Dynamic Worker Pools are a special type of [worker pool](/docs/infrastructure/workers/worker-pools.md) used by Octopus Cloud.  They use [workers](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md) provided by Octopus, and don't require users to configure any infrastructure.  

## Characteristics
## On demand

> The Default Worker Pools are configured as a Dynamic Worker Pool, which means they have some different characteristics to older cloud instances and our self-hosted product.

Author: I couldn't parse this sentence.

| Specific (e.g., `Windows Server Core 2019`) | The version of the operating system and dependencies are fixed and can be relied upon. | When a worker image is marked as deprecated, warnings will start to appear in your deployment logs. When a worker image is decommissioned, you will need to take action to update your worker pool or deployments will fail. |

### Deprecation
## Deprecation

When an image is marked as deprecated, you will see warnings in the Octopus UI, and in the deployment log. After a suitable deprecation period, deployments will start to fail if they target an image that has hit end-of-life.

When you start getting warnings in your deployments and/or see deprecation warnings in the Octopus portal, please plan to modify your worker pool to use a newer image and test your scripts on the new image.

### Batteries included
## Available Dynamic Worker Images 

Worker images are rebuilt on a regular basis, so they are up to date with the latest security patches.

> #### Windows Server Core 2016

Author: I flipped 2016 and 2019 around

- Powershell Core (latest)
- Python (3.7.4)

> Windows 2019 workers are capable of running [execution worker containers](https://octopus.com/blog/execution-containers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Windows 2019 workers are capable of running [execution worker containers](/docs/deployment-process/execution-containers-for-workers/index.md).
```

- Powershell Core (latest)
- Python (3.7.4)

> Please note that [execution worker containers](https://octopus.com/blog/execution-containers) are not supported on Windows 2016 workers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that [execution worker containers](/docs/deployment-process/execution-containers-for-workers/index.md) are not supported on Windows 2016 workers.
```
